---
layout: default

date: 2009-5-31

title: the

categories: 开放社会资料室

---



# the cure 罗马演唱会 TAM版 《faith》下载



藏獒兄



狼牙山五壮士要多壮有多壮 @wang2





1楼 大 中 小 发表于 2009-5-31 01:42  只看该作者



the cure 罗马演唱会 TAM版 《faith》下载



http://www.crwebsites.com/cure/audio.html  

  

演讲及歌词：  

  

Speech before the song : "its like theres two different ways at looking at

things, you can either think it doesnt make any fucking difference at all

anyway, so that your like stuck in the same place and it wouldnt make any

difference if you were to die now with a coin stuck right in the middle of

your head or if you were prepared to go and say I need to sing a song called

faith, but someone says you cant, someone says you cant sing it, so what do

you do? This is for everyone that died today in china, its called faith"  

  

Catch me if I fall  

I'm losing hold  

I can't just carry on this way  

And every time  

I turn away  

Lose another blind game  

The idea of perfection holds me...  

Suddenly I see you change  

Everything at once  

The same  

But the mountain never moves...  

  

Rape me like a child  

Christened in blood  

Painted like an unknown saint  

There's nothing left but hope...  

Your voice is dead  

And old  

And always empty  

Trust in me through closing years  

Perfect moments wait...  

If only we could stay  

Please  

Say the right words  

Or cry like the stone white clown  

And stand  

Lost forever in a happy crowd...  

  

No-one lifts their hands  

No-one lifts their eyes  

Justified with empty words  

The party just gets better and better...  

  

I went away alone  

With nothing left  

But faith  

  

If i would doubt this, it makes me think, if i would doubt this  

  

Someone walks up to you and theyre so much bigger than you, they say "shut

your fucking face", you can grab hold of their eyes and go *mumbles*  

  

Fall down in front of you x2  

  

But its so much different if a man walks up and is this high and he says "Shut

your fucking face" and holds a gun to my mouth, what will i do? What will i

do? What would you do?  

  

He wont let me speak, he says "you can only say the word yes, if i ask you a

question and you say no, i will shoot the back out of your fucking head!" He

says "Do you love me??!?! Do you love me!?!?!"  

  

Ill say, ill say, ill say  

  

Is this more? This far away he says "I'm fucking waiting for you answer,

answer me now! Do you love me? Do you love me?"  

  

*screams* ooooooooowwwwwwwwww   

  

OF COURSE I FUCKING DONT LOVE YOU! COURSE I FUCKING DONT LOVE YOU! WALK INTO

THE ROOM, PUSH ANYTHING IN MY FACE, ANYTHING IN MY MOUTH! ILL NEVER FUCKING

LOVE YOU!  

  

Push this deep inside your head x2  

  

This means nothing! Means nothing!  

  

  

Theres nothing left but faith, nothing left but faith, nothing left but faith.  

  

Speaking after the song finishes "Thank you very much and good night and dont

forget!"  

  

  





  

---

[Terminusbot](https://github.com/TerminusBot) 整理，讨论请前往 [2049bbs.xyz](http://2049bbs.xyz/)

---



glim



传说中的熊男 @glimho





2楼 大 中 小 发表于 2009-5-31 14:17  只看该作者



http://listen.grooveshark.com/#/ ... en_Version_/5141115  

  

找到一个可以外联的站  

  

  







  

西岳蛇蛉





3楼 大 中 小 发表于 2009-6-12 20:26  只看该作者



我是冲the cure来的  

：）  

  

  





  

ludwig





4楼 大 中 小 发表于 2009-6-12 22:28  只看该作者



THE CURE  

  

  





  

ludwig





5楼 大 中 小 发表于 2009-6-12 22:37  只看该作者



前面那段演讲说的什么哦，乱七八糟的。只抓住了中心思想  

  

  





  





















    







    













